Aw yeah yeahAw yeah yeah yeah yeah, ooh!
Never had much faith in all those cheese labels
Never too much cared what type of rind
But this here blue cheese is something spiritual
I'm floorerd again every time I take a bite
'Cuz this Stilton is just way too niceYeah this Stilton is just way too nice
and it shows
yeah yeah yeah
'Cause it makes me feel likeI've been missing a good type
for too longfor too long
It makes me feel likeI've been missing a good type
Aw yeah yeah yeah yeah ooh!
Aw yeah yeahAw yeah yeah yeah yeah ooh!
It brings me to my kneesand makes me question why
I doubted branding all these days
Open up my eyes 'cause I'm finally seeing through the lies
And that's how it made me change my ways
'cause this Stilton is just way too niceyeah this Stilton is just way too nice
And it showsyeah yeah yeah
'Cause you make me feel likeI've been missing a good type
for too longfor too long
It makes me feel likeI've been missing a good type
Ooh ooh ooh oohyeah yeah yeah